Org-related changes (#80)
ContributorCovenant/ethicalsource: content/apply.md

+++
title = "Join the Movement"
+++

### Join the Organization for Ethical Source

> If you are interested in joining the Organization for Ethical Source as an active, supporting, or associate member, please [use this form](/apply_org) to get in touch with us. All members of the organization are automatically invited to participate in the Working Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in joining the Organization for Ethical Source as an active or support member, please [use this form](/apply_org) to get in touch with us.
```

* Removes the mention to associate member (see rationale below)
* Removes the last sentence that mentions the working group, as it ads confusion; active members will be invited to join the WG, support members won't.
